this video is made possible by the
following cuties you can check out the
gear they provide to me in the
description below ok let's move these
beer cans so it's like this like an
alcoholic
hey guys Jimmy here and welcome to the
calm before the storm
now given the lot motorsport events have
been canceled recently which is of
course very sad
there have been a number of teams a
number of companies who have basically
come together to put on braces of their
own of course in the sim racing world
and today I'm gonna be taking part in a
race which I think has the most stacked
field I have ever seen in my life
basically it's a load of really
accomplished real-life drivers and then
me for some reason
so this race is the team red line
quarantine cup so just to name a few
people taking fire in this event we have
and Tonio Felix de Coster who of course
I've beaten already Nicky Katz Berg who
I very fortunate to meet in your life
sitting around the Nurburgring Kevin Van
Deventer in there as well Phillip Ellis
we also have this guy called max for
step and never heard of him
Stoffel van Doorn who I also beat the
other day we also have my boy Nicky team
Pete in there as well that is not naming
everybody by a longshot
somehow I am involved in this and I'm
hopefully going to try and make it the
best video that I possibly can out of it
so the format is as follows a car that
hasn't been announced yet a track that
hasn't been announced yet and bear in
mind this event goes live in only a few
minutes time free practice for an hour
so I can see how bad I am - laughs
qualifying sessions and then a twelve
lap race now I know it's become a little
bit of a meme recently bit white gold
genuinely is to not cut last this is a
proper stacked field and again I don't
really know why I'm here but it should
be a lot of fun on taking you guys along
for the ride so win or lose let's try
and have a good time
look at this field for crying out loud
how I meant to compete in this I live in
a shed I'm a plant heck
I have no idea in those moments when you
think how the hell has this happened I
don't understand why I'm here this is
one of those moments big time
now we're talking I'm gonna go and
practice because I really need to if I'm
gonna be anywhere near any of these guys
so uh yeah I'll be back for qualifying
right qualifying time I've got to be
quick because I was totally not looking
at my phone and ain't trying penalties
in that time now you might notice I'm at
he's wearing my socks today funny story
my boots are in the washed so I'm this
one sock boy today won the odd sock boy
to make these even better so socks and
gloves the ultimate racer combination
but anyway I'll come back well I'm set
my lap and we'll see where we end up
damn
[Music]
it's making it very hard to qualify this
let's not mess up this bust up I gotta
get a laughing live why isn't starting
on the back god damn it
well we're starting laughs boys I do
this to myself I do this completely to
myself might look at this you got Evan
see this my webcam is covering where I
am I'm that far down the grid oh man
twelve lap race coming up I'm starting
right down the back so if I even get
through the carnage that is sure to be
t1 then I'll be very happy there is a
second race after this in case things
don't go well but they ain't gonna
happen
positive mental attitude right this meme
of me being at the back of the grid is
starting to get we're a little fit now
back so far back in front agree with
that but I'm so far back that I can't
even see the guys they're not loaded
because the cars are too far away
brilliant I have no faith in any of
these guys look at this look at this man
it is filled
Oh bad start man got caught snap in
there oh my this is gonna go badly it's
already going badly in front I don't
want any part of that man where do you
where do I even go always happening it's
happening I don't want to be in it I
don't want to be in it it's still
happening oh my god it's still upland no
I've been [__] tax god dammit why
every time is it me that gets tagged man
and I'm on the out like lever move it
Thanks sake I got for it all and then
got tagged by one guy at the end two
guys at the end God come on lads I think
it's broken I think it's broken
is it broken this is turning quite
quickly into a joke I do not like
anymore it's a car damaged all like it's
damaged off I think damaged off maybe I
can catch up again heck
s'alright never give up etc I can still
win this narrator he didn't win this
okay right we're catching some friends
and I made a place p-52 Keller was
slowing up
I let me care about the off track to be
honest here we are now we can start
getting involved hopefully he's been
rejected oh it's the wobbling laughs
okay do you see this is what happens
when you when you just completely
disallow drivers to go and drive then
we'll go insane on racing since both of
you Brayton starts up again soon so the
Simmons become safe
well sure we're gonna be after everyone
died there at the second horseshoe or
the the horseshoe sorry it's only a
horse show my coin is called we're 46
okay it's a big trainer cars there I
want to be part of that of a free beat
trans are there on the circuit
I'll have escaped good look at that it's
happy
this guy's game accent oh is that oh
it's Phoenix to coaster Antonio who
dream of me giving me from the other day
in his fifth place Jimmy Broadbent he's
gonna hold on Jimmy Broadbent across the
line it's my bestie now
[Music]
oh my god going out go accelerate
accelerate accelerate accelerate
accelerate
god clear
[Music]
come on go get past this guy
don't do it mate I don't want to hear
that
all your on
what's getting spicy up in it
by the way Diego I've got a catch my boy
Tony that works thank you mate
give a little flash say hello hello
friend you remember me Tony
don't think he does
but now annually
take the rod
[Music]
stay on the right
clear oh I eat [__] me there mate oh I
thought myself Robert now we go I'm
gonna fight the good man I'm gonna catch
the guy with him front but I want my top
boy the smile on that car is just it's
concern
territory one
oh well that was terrifying
it's couldn't [__] send it below the
apron didn't see that coming
now if I can f land Oh
so are we gonna beat Landon Norris oh
I'm sketchy come on dude hi that's
collusion that's collusion man
[Music]
selphie
you're second at night
[Music]
we got five point eight seconds to David
yarn in front and we got Tony behind me
my boy Tony
[Music]
oh my god Erica I always leave did know
me uh please captain always come for it
that's a formula he's saying Thomas
gloves not Adam no
[Music]
ah I can't formally eat absolutely
formula eat it's happened again sir I
knew that was gonna happen
hundred percent but you got a defendant
man crushing me don't you don't get a
chance to race these guys off and single
have fun with it mr. Custer my friend
County land
it's not over sure it's not over
am I gonna get the big punt I'm back in
favor everyone keeps dying man yeah you
guys ever seen that video series on
YouTube where it's luigi wins by doing
nothing that's how I feel in these races
I am Luigi so it's probably gonna take
me here
[Music]
all right
to the left
[Music]
this is completely normal man come on
god beat him gonna be him
damage is definitely off man damage is
definitely off come on
you might get me here you might have the
run of the tow so I'm gonna be really
it's got very why there is a second
behind you still gonna have some toes if
I have a good actually for the bus stop
I might have this or he might have
played a blinder although eyes crash
he's crashed and we only cut the bus
stop every time bit of the man we've
been to Costas second time in a row baby
only mild contact between the see me
coming I think people fight you free
that's gonna be you the lines be funny
free there you go that was fun I'll be
quiet we had a laugh but the best part
about it another race coming up soon
hopefully I'll do better than that one
so next race up we're still at Daytona
but this time we are in the the F free
car which seems come appropriate given
that last time I did the video and I
racing with Lando and Max is stepping in
it was in this car at Montreal and
became when my most part I think it is
actually one most popular video ever so
kind of always cool to be back here
driving this feels a lot different to
how it did back then but I'm sure I'm
just as slow as I was so the simp stream
seems to be a lot less severe does that
make sense it's like a lot less
effective around here
so it's gonna actually be having to
drive quick which is difficult because
this thing is incredibly fast especially
through the the bus stop want to try it
use silent moment but should be a fun
race hopefully there's someone that get
punked instantly or hopefully some
actually qualify well that'd be good one
there
oh my god that masago right this is
looking at him well teat one's going to
be a graveyard I still think it's mad
that I can have max Verstappen Danny
young Adela and Nikki cats forgot my
relative simracing that's cool man Shane
I'm slow
oh my god I made it through the lap okay
so if I get anything underneath the 44
that's a good time let's still we get
[Music]
hey that's okay
well it's gonna have to be okay now this
spin is just like sovath etic it's just
like oh yeah I'm bad at this game oh my
God look who's qualified just two spots
behind me why can't I escape breathe God
send someone Johnny mate it's gonna be
you I'm afraid so it looks like the
coaster has managed to qualify a bit
higher so we won't be starting together
but I am starting p30 which is pretty
much bang-up b31 screw ever that was
pretty much bang in the midfield
everyone here so oh it's gonna be spicy
Matt and the thing is damage is on so I
really don't think we're gonna be
getting through the first lap in one
piece I think like I'm gonna yeah it
ain't gonna happen
alright here we go it's a rolling start
thankfully standing start would have
been just the end of the world
oh it's already the end of the world who
is that Oh
[Music]
Oh nope okay
I also scared them oh please please I'm
only I'm a virgin don't do it don't do
it I'm alive for now
oh it's ending my life is going my life
is anything I thought I survived how am
I still alive oh so good somehow no
we're alive I've hidden the carcass oh
it's it's not sounding happy so we like
in the corners
oh it bill was like a oh I think I've
lost a wing or something something ain't
right I think we're out yeah I've got
like no speed god PK in the wall Oh
[Music]
we can limp it back well that ended the
way of all it is let's see what happened
first of all down here so of course I'm
minding my own business just doing my
thing
and literally go off the course to get
out of the way and I still get clouted
but these guys there is an actual
graveyard there so I continue the car is
bought at this point it could be either
snow speed compared to everybody else
see but you can see by this guy the
right he just drives up against me and
then the second death happens this guy
spins doesn't hold his brakes and then
we just get collected absolutely
collected then we have a bit of a kiss
afterwards to make up kiss friendship so
I actually finished the race so I
decided to get back out there after the
after the tow and because everybody else
died lines upcoming p18 so that's all
right that's a lot of fun it's not every
day you get to drive with a field like
this full of like massive massive names
in motorsport people like you know I've
followed for a very long time and it's
becoming more and more common now
because of how things are going we've
relied motorsport a lot of it being
cancelled now for obvious reasons it
means that people like asked to those
plebeian sim race to get to mix of his
guys and really test ourselves it's a
lot of fun they're very dirty though and
they got they got to work on that but
guys hope you enjoyed the video it was
really fun to do this and hopefully I'll
get invited to more stuff like this if
you enjoyed it feel free to hit the like
button subscribe do all the good stuff
and of course I gotta say a big thank
you to our patrons and sponsors and to
everybody who has been supporting the
channel recently we've had some mad
growth time of recording this video with
four hundred five thousand subscribers
which is crazy
it's kind of got my head around that and
yeah of course I think you to everyone
because you make their happen so that's
it for me take care guys happen awesome
day see you all next time
[Music]